What if our world has become so noisy, that
we have forgotten what silence really means.
Imagine a world without sound.
Have you ever wondered what a blind man sees,
or a deaf person hears?
How an unschooled person experiences a world
without knowledge.
What if you were trapped inside a world of
silence because you could not see, hear, or read?
MegaVoice breaks the silence!
In 1988, MegaVoice developed the first solar
powered digital audio bible.
4.35 billion people in the world are unable
to read or are oral learners and therefore
unable to experience God's life giving word
for themselves.
MegaVoice audio players offer Bible translations
and scripture messages to thousands of blind
and illiterate people in their own language.
Its distribution has now reached 1 million
units with an audio library of 8,400 scripture
based titles in over 4,600 languages and dialects.
They can listen, then they have more knowledge
about God.
There will be more people being saved.
Perfected for a rural environment, the audio
player is rugged and tamper proof, giving
no mechanical problems. And because it is
solar powered, it literally reaches the ends
of the world. No need for batteries or electricity.
Shepherds here, they see God in everything
around them. They are very close to nature,
and what I hear from the pastor, feedback
from him is that they boys are asking questions
who Jesus is. So when I'm doing followup,
the boys ask questions about the bible, what
I've heard and they ask questions, "Okay,
what is actually on this device, because we
are not familiar with this."
There is no limit to the potential of the
MegaVoice audio player.
Organizations can even load their own messages
onto the audio player, and there is no limit
to who can be involved.
The reality is that we do not all find ourselves
among the blind and the illiterate, however,
anybody can become part of MegaVoice's vision
to an unreached world.
By becoming a prayer partner, you can intercede
for God's powerful hand to be on the ministry.
As a volunteer, you could help assemble the
next batch of audio players that must go out.
As an ambassador, you could promote MegaVoice
in your circle of influence.
Or as an investor in the Kingdom, you could
sponsor MegaVoice Bibles, for the life change
of millions.
Together, with MegaVoice, you could break
the silence!